VERIFIED: no proper 3-colouring of 409 points with 1062 exactly-confirmed
unit distances (drat-trim checked the DRAT proof of the 3595-clause formula)

How the graph was built
-----------------------
  hex ball of radius 3                      37 points
  + the centroid of every unit triangle     54 points, each exactly
                                            1/sqrt(3) from three corners
  = 91 vertices, 216 edges, 3-colourable

  pivot 5 has a forced pair at k=3: in every 3-colouring, one of
    target 37, at squared distance 1/3 from the pivot
    target  2, at squared distance 3
  carries the pivot's colour.

  HONEST NOTE ON WHAT THIS DOES AND DOES NOT SHOW.
  Target 2 is forced *on its own* here -- a core of 1, not 2. In the
  triangular lattice two points at distance sqrt(3) take the same colour in
  every 3-colouring, which is the classical rhombus forcing, so the pair is
  forced trivially and two or three copies of the ordinary spindle would
  have closed it as well. The six-copy block is valid on this instance and
  the certificate is real, but the construction was not *needed* here.

  What it establishes is that the machinery runs end to end and produces a
  machine-checked certificate. What it does not establish is that the block
  reaches anything the classical argument cannot. For that the pair must have
  both legs separable on their own -- a genuine core of 2 with one leg on the
  classical circle -- which is the object still being searched for.

  The two-orbit block closes it with six copies: two orbits of the
  120-degree rotation about the pivot, the second offset by the
  unit-chord angle of target 2's circle.

  union of the six copies = 409 vertices, 1062 edges, not 3-colourable.

Why six copies suffice
----------------------
  On the circle of radius 1/sqrt(3) two points are adjacent exactly when
  they are 120 degrees apart, so each orbit's three images of target 37
  form a unit triangle. Every chosen image carries the pivot's colour, so
  at most one copy per orbit may choose 37, and at least two must choose 2.

  Two subsets of size at least two of a three-element set intersect, so
  some j has both rho^j and sigma rho^j choosing target 2 -- and those two
  images differ by sigma, the unit-chord angle of their own circle, so they
  are exactly one apart while both carry the pivot's colour.

Reproduce
---------
  python scripts/validate_k3.py
  python -m hn.cli verify certificates/two_orbit_409_no3coloring.json \
      --drat-trim /path/to/drat-trim
